README.md, before:

# Resolver

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/CocoaPods/Resolver/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/CocoaPods/Resolver)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/coverage/github/CocoaPods/Resolver.svg?style=flat)](https://codeclimate.com/github/CocoaPods/Resolver)
[![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/github/CocoaPods/Resolver.svg?style=flat)](https://codeclimate.com/github/CocoaPods/Resolver)

A generic dependency-resolution implementation.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'Resolver', :git => 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Resolver'
```

And then execute:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```bash
$ gem install Resolver
```

## Usage

Look at the test suite for example usage. Better documentation and examples are
forthcoming.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a pull request

Commit message:

Rename gem to Molinillo
Huge thanks to @orta for the name inspiration!

Discussion at https://github.com/CocoaPods/Resolver/issues/5.

README.md, after:

# Molinillo

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/CocoaPods/Resolver/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/CocoaPods/Resolver)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/coverage/github/CocoaPods/Resolver.svg?style=flat)](https://codeclimate.com/github/CocoaPods/Resolver)
[![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/github/CocoaPods/Resolver.svg?style=flat)](https://codeclimate.com/github/CocoaPods/Resolver)

A generic dependency-resolution implementation.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'molinillo', :git => 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Resolver'
```

And then execute:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```bash
$ gem install Resolver
```

## Usage

Look at the test suite for example usage. Better documentation and examples are
forthcoming.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a pull request

## The Name

[Molinillo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molinillo_(whisk)) is a special whisk used in Mexico in the preparation of beverages such as hot chocolate.
Much like a dependency resolver, a molinillo helps take a list of ingredients and turn it into a delicious concoction!
